README.md, before:

# maven-webapp

how to create a maven webapp
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.25.51%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.26.16%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.26.29%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.26.38%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.26.50%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.27.02%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.27.10%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.27.46%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.28.54%20AM.png)

### Add servlet dependency

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.38.13%20AM.png)

### Add JSP(JavaServe Pages) denpendency

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.44.54%20AM.png)

### Build

- mvn compile
- mvn package

### VSCode(server)

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.02.26%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.04.12%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.05.03%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.05.36%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.06.43%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.07.03%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.07.13%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.07.27%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.07.42%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.08.05%20PM.png)

### context is the war file name

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%208.12.32%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%208.29.28%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%208.30.23%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%208.31.46%20PM.png)

### route is the servlet url

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%208.37.21%20PM.png)

# remove war file from server

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%208.40.42%20PM.png)

### Start Tomcat

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%207.00.24%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%209.58.50%20AM.png`)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2010.00.01%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2010.00.54%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2010.01.40%20AM.png)

### Servlet

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2011.21.41%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2011.26.54%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2011.27.08%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2011.28.02%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2011.28.33%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2011.28.49%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2012.26.07%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2012.39.42%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2012.39.51%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2012.39.59%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2012.40.07%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2012.40.16%20PM.png)

Commit message:

How to change the war file name

README.md, after:

# maven-webapp

how to create a maven webapp
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.25.51%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.26.16%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.26.29%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.26.38%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.26.50%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.27.02%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.27.10%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.27.46%20AM.png)

---

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.28.54%20AM.png)

### Add servlet dependency

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.38.13%20AM.png)

### Add JSP(JavaServe Pages) denpendency

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%206.44.54%20AM.png)

### Build

- mvn compile
- mvn package

### VSCode(server)

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.02.26%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.04.12%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.05.03%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.05.36%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.06.43%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.07.03%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.07.13%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.07.27%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.07.42%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%207.08.05%20PM.png)

### pom artifactid is the war file name

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-19%20at%206.32.25%20AM.png)

### context is the war file name

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%208.12.32%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%208.29.28%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%208.30.23%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%208.31.46%20PM.png)

### route is the servlet url

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%208.37.21%20PM.png)

### remove war file from server

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-18%20at%208.40.42%20PM.png)

### Start Tomcat

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%207.00.24%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%209.58.50%20AM.png`)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2010.00.01%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2010.00.54%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2010.01.40%20AM.png)

### Servlet

![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2011.21.41%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2011.26.54%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2011.27.08%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2011.28.02%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2011.28.33%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2011.28.49%20AM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2012.26.07%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2012.39.42%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2012.39.51%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2012.39.59%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2012.40.07%20PM.png)
![](./images/Screen%20Shot%202022-04-09%20at%2012.40.16%20PM.png)
